Below are the supported objects from RFC1285.  Applies to release 9.0
and later.

snmpFddiSMTNumber                       Yes
snmpFddiSMTIndex                        Yes
snmpFddiSMTStationId                    Yes
snmpFddiSMTOpVersionId                  Yes
snmpFddiSMTHiVersionId                  Yes
snmpFddiSMTLoVersionId                  Yes
snmpFddiSMTMACCt                        No
snmpFddiSMTNonMasterCt                  No
snmpFddiSMTMasterCt                     No
snmpFddiSMTPathsAvailable               No
snmpFddiSMTConfigCapabilities           No
snmpFddiSMTConfigPolicy                 No
snmpFddiSMTConnectionPolicy             No
snmpFddiSMTTNotify                      No
snmpFddiSMTStatusReporting              No
snmpFddiSMTECMState                     No
snmpFddiSMTCFState                      Yes
snmpFddiSMTHoldState                    No
snmpFddiSMTRemoteDisconnectFlag         No
snmpFddiSMTStationAction                No
snmpFddiMACNumber                       Yes
snmpFddiMACSMTIndex                     Yes
snmpFddiMACIndex                        Yes
snmpFddiMACFrameStatusCapabilities      No
snmpFddiMACTMaxGreatestLowerBound       No
snmpFddiMACTVXGreatestLowerBound        No
snmpFddiMACPathsAvailable               No
snmpFddiMACCurrentPath                  No
snmpFddiMACUpstreamNbr                  No
snmpFddiMACOldUpstreamNbr               No
snmpFddiMACDupAddrTest                  No
snmpFddiMACPathsRequested               No
snmpFddiMACDownstreamPORTType           No
snmpFddiMACSMTAddress                   No
snmpFddiMACTReq                         Yes
snmpFddiMACTNeg                         Yes
snmpFddiMACTMax                         Yes
snmpFddiMACTvxValue                     Yes
snmpFddiMACTMin                         Yes
snmpFddiMACCurrentFrameStatus           No
snmpFddiMACFrameCts                     Yes
snmpFddiMACErrorCts                     Yes
snmpFddiMACLostCts                      Yes
snmpFddiMACFrameErrorThreshold          No
snmpFddiMACFrameErrorRatio              No
snmpFddiMACRMTState                     No
snmpFddiMACDaFlag                       No
snmpFddiMACUnaDaFlag                    No
snmpFddiMACFrameCondition               No
snmpFddiMACChipSet                      Yes  <returns NULL>
snmpFddiMACAction                       No
snmpFddiPORTNumber                      No
snmpFddiPORTSMTIndex                    No
snmpFddiPORTIndex                       No
snmpFddiPORTPCType                      No
snmpFddiPORTPCNeighbor                  No
snmpFddiPORTConnectionPolicies          No
snmpFddiPORTRemoteMACIndicated          No
snmpFddiPORTCEState                     No
snmpFddiPORTPathsRequested              No
snmpFddiPORTMACPlacement                No
snmpFddiPORTAvailablePaths              No
snmpFddiPORTMACLoopTime                 No
snmpFddiPORTTBMax                       No
snmpFddiPORTBSFlag                      No
snmpFddiPORTLCTFailCts                  No
snmpFddiPORTLerEstimate                 No
snmpFddiPORTLemRejectCts                No
snmpFddiPORTLemCts                      No
snmpFddiPORTLerCutoff                   No
snmpFddiPORTLerAlarm                    No
snmpFddiPORTConnectState                No
snmpFddiPORTPCMState                    No
snmpFddiPORTPCWithhold                  No
snmpFddiPORTLerCondition                No
snmpFddiPORTChipSet                     No
snmpFddiPORTAction                      No
snmpFddiATTACHMENTNumber                No
snmpFddiATTACHMENTSMTIndex              No
snmpFddiATTACHMENTIndex                 No
snmpFddiATTACHMENTClass                 No
snmpFddiATTACHMENTOpticalBypassPresent  No
snmpFddiATTACHMENTIMaxExpiration        No
snmpFddiATTACHMENTInsertedStatus        No
snmpFddiATTACHMENTInsertPolicy          No
